# Newcastle Live Gig Scraper
It's a script that runs several webscrapers, each on a self-contained python script that searches a particular webpage for music gigs in my city (Newcastle and surroundings), and creates an ics calendar for them.

It then runs a post_processing script that standardises the summaries and merges multiple occurences of the same event using fuzzy logic: it does match reasonably approximate results.

It then identifies recurring events and replaces multiple occurences of the same event on different days by a single recurring event. 

Finally it has a list of filters that creates new calendars only with the venues in there.

## Publishing

This script is hosted on GitHub.

It publishes calendars on GitHub Pages. To support that, it has a script to produce a HTML page with links to all calendars and a script to produce a debug page, in case a scraper fails.

It also has github actions YML scritpts to run the main script every monday at 00:00 local time, or every time a commit is pushed.

It uses GitHub Actions to run all scrapers and produce all calendars:
- Every Monday 00:00 local time
- Whenever a commit is pushed

To support that, it has 

## Formats

Summaries are of the form "Main band @ Venue".
Relevant information for the description are:
- actual descriptions
- price (add a Price: $<price> in the description)
- links to more info (add ad More info: <link> in the description)
- links to tickets (add a Tickets: <link> in the description)

## Priorities
- when merging, **new** descriptions are concatenated
- more precise datetimes supersedes a less precise one. Ie: if one only has the day, another has date and time, the final event should have date and time.

## Project structure

- ./calendars/*ics is where all ics calendars are saved
- ./src/filters is where all the filters are stored (one venue infix per line, comparisons are case insensitive)
- ./src/ is where all source code is found
  - main.py is the entry point
  - merge_ics.py postprocesses and merges all scripts generated by the scrapers
  - generate_debug_index.py and generate_index.py generates the github pages
- ./src/scrapers/*.py is where all the individual scrapers are found.
  - ./src/scrapers/musick_scraper.py -> ./calendars/musick.ics
  - ./src/scrapers/newcastle_live_scraper.py -> ./calendars/newcastlelive.ics
  - ./src/scrapers/newcastle_weekly_scraper.py -> ./calendars/newcastleweekely.ics
  - ./src/scrapers/stagandhunter_scraper.py -> ./calendars/staghunter.ics
  - ./src/scrapers/whirlwindent_scraper.py -> ./calendars/whirlwind.ics
- ./github/workflows/*.yml is where all the GitHub actions are found